You shouldn't think about bad things anymore.
She'd like to take me to the US to cure my eyes..
What about the terms?
Break up with Phuc.
Why did you leave me at that time?
I just wanted to threat you.
You say as if it was that simple.
Do you know how serious those words are?
But, do you know if you marry an ill-educated girl,
it'll bring a lot of risks?
Have you counted on my words now, yet?
Adultery, laziness, splurge.
She can't be my daughter-in-law with those traits.
It's just because I tolerated her a lot.
Never mind. You still have more chances to make it better.
For Phuc, he's a good person.
I vow with you this time
I know.
He's a good one,
but he's a male, you know.
Why are you always getting into such ridiculous romantic relationships?
What does "ridiculous" mean to you?
I love him.
He loves me, too.
Why is it ridiculous with a mutual love?
But it's not appropriate to tradition.
Imagined that two men
take care of and kiss each other.
Don't you think it is so objectionable?
How to define that "morganatic match"?
How to be a normal person?
Having everything but not loving each other, what is the meaning left?
I wanted to let Phuc go,
but eventually I couldn't.
If I come to the US for treatment,
I'll be too selfish for him, won't I?
It's me who don't want him to leave.
But letting him go, it's also me.
Since I was in a relationship with Phuc,
I've suddenly become a crybaby.
Or... You can keep going to the US for the treatment first,
and get back together with him when you're back.
I think your mother will agree then.
She used to leave me because of my relationship with Linh.
Now she knows I'm in love with Phuc,
she has come and given me a lucrative offer.
Such things adequately get me know
that compared to my feelings,
her honor is much worthier several times.
My brother.
I think she left you as you were a strong-willing one in her mind at that time.
You're still robust and resolving enough to live your own life.
But she's still a mother anyway.
There's no mother who likes to see her child in such
miserable and grievous situation.
I know what I say will hurt you,
but you can't be captivated by the moment
or be curiously keen on new pleasures.
I don't want to lose you.
I beg you, just once, please.
I'm childless.
Stand here, dear.
I wonder why is my life full of mishaps?
Blindness,
disabled leg
and childlessness.
I think how weird I will be if I fall in love with a man,
but not.
He gives me peace.
I really want to be with him.
As long as we understand each other.
Mom.
I beg you,
please let me treat my eyes.
I'd like to see him.
I want to know where he is,
what he's doing,
how he feels.
I really want to see him.
Can you give me a hand?
Mr. Thach is not childless.
It's because I used money to change the test result.
He's not childless at all.
What are you saying, Nu?
What do you mean?
Because you insisted on seeking Ms. Linh,
I spent money changing the result.
Mr. Thach.
I have to find Linh, I must take her back.
She left you because she knew you're childless.
What've you just said?
Who's childless?
The result of the last medical check-up
said that you were childless.
No way!
- I don't believe.
- Mr. Thach...
Calm down. Listen!
I know you're so shocked.
You're so sad. But your health is more important.
How can I be childless?
I don't deceive you.
You can ask anyone about the result. They'll explain for you.
Are you crazy?
I can't be childless. I have to give Linh back.
Mr. Thach! Thach.
I'm not childless.
I can't be.
Tell me. I'm not childless, right?
Did I do anything wrong that the god ill-treats me like that?
Next day, you, please, come to talk with me.
What time is it, Duy?
About half past four.
Phuc will be back in half an hour.
Thach!
Get out!
Why did you do that to me?
Please, let me apologize.
Get away from me!
Ever since, I've just thought that I was a loser,
a catastrophic guy.
I even failed to have a baby with my sweetie.
It eventually turns out to be your trick, huh?
Get back to your home!
Piss off!
Then why don't you understand for me?
I like you that much. You don't know, do you?
Yeah.
It's me who told Ms. Linh that you didn't need her.
I also added salt to your noodles.
I made myself burned and painful. Alright?
But I didn't do the wrong things, Thach.
I didn't also make something unacceptable.
I just wanted keep you for myself. Was I wrong?
You still don't think you're wrong now, right?
It's them.
They're exactly ones who broke our relationship. Do you know that?
You're so pathetic.
Do you think how long will you fancy him?
Eventually, who stays with you can be me only.
You treat Phuc just like you do with me, right?
Neither like nor love, just wanna be together.
Wanna care and "get" but not f**king "give", right?
You come to your home!
You know what I'm thinking, Mr. Thach?
I always feel the sense of losing you.
But actually when I look back,
I've never got you, Mr. Thach.
Duy.
Take Nu home.
I don't need.
Nu.
You hear everything, right?
Let me give you a sentence.
Mr. Thach then will treat you like the way he did to me.
You two's emotion right now, just because he's indebted you.
I'm back.
Come to me.
You just need to be my side.
Don't go elsewhere.
Nu!
Nu...
Get me off.
Why do you follow me?
You're just as him, right?
I'm the one who made up all the things.
I told Thach's mother that he was in a relationship with Phuc
that's why Thach's mother told Phuc to leave him. What next?
Huh?
Yes.
Why don't you scold me?
Do you think you're wrong?
You love Mr. Thach.
You want him to response.
I agree that's your love desire.
But did he love you?
You sacrifice your heart just to get that one from others, right?
How many times are there?
What did you get?
Love is not what you can fight for.
Sometimes, readily parting for our beloved one's happiness
is what a real love seems to be.
Instead of chasing the one who doesn't love you,
why don't you find the one that loves you?
But, who will love me?
I can't find him.
It's me.
It's hot here. Come in, my dear!
Morning light is good for our immune system.
It's really good.
What would you like to do today?
Whatever.
As long as with you.
Mr. Thach!
One day, you'll be just fed up with me.
It's like there's always someone who keeps talking all the time.
It's tired.
Mr. Thach.
You'll definitely find back the light.
I have backache. Can you help me massage it?
Your back?
Here.
That's right. Only that place.
Let me do it myself.
I want to do with you.
But... We can buy bread outside. Why do we need to?
I'm homesick.
Homesick?
It's next week when my sister's birthday comes.
I want to get back home.
I'll go with you.
No.
My house is quite small as well as messy.
Wait until Tet, I'll take you home.
Uhm.
I forget to have procedures next week for the flight next month.
Just do your bit.
If you have any problems, just press the Zero key.
Don't need to remind. I know what the Zero key means.
But,
have you got any uncomfortable thing, lately? How's your study?
I'm fine.
I want to share with you.
Not only that you can see me,
but also that I want to feel you.
I want to share with you, too.
But I'm ok. Nothing much.
Really?
Yes.
Come on, quickly.
Hurry up or the powder will turn hard.
My dear.
Tell me something.
I'm gonna be home tomorrow.
I'll miss you so much.
What should I tell you?
Hmm. Nothing to tell.
My life is so boring.
No friends.
No free time.
No hanging out.
I go abroad mainly because of work.
In short, I have nothing to tell you.
Why do you adore me?
I don't adore you at all?
Ah. It's painful.
You don't adore me, do you?
Uhm.
I don't adore you.
I love you.
Dear!
Huh?
Later, if possible, can you not love me anymore?
Why?
Hmm.... You shouldn't love me anymore.
My dear. Let's play puzzles.
Puzzles?
Yep.
Ok.
So, what is this?
The door!
Exactly.
One step. Two steps. Three...
Four... Five... Six... Seven...
Eight... Nine... Ten.
Here you are.
How many steps does it take to get to the kitchen?
Ten steps.
Exactly.
From left to right, salt, sugar, sodium glutamate.
How about knives and forks?
Those dangerous tools, I put them in the corner, near the sink.
About meat, I sliced and put into the freezer.
How many steps are there from the spices tray to the fridge?
One.
Well done.
Do you think your lover is thoughtful?
It's ten steps from here to the kitchen.
But just seven steps from my room.
Four steps away from the living room.
Sit down, please.
Dear. I've bought some ice-cream. Let me give you.
Here. Enjoy it!
My dear.
From now on, the Zero key is the number of the Head.
In case I'm not home. He'll come to help you.
Yeah, I know.
How about yours?
Of course key number 2.
Why not number 1?
That is your mother's number,
because you're about to go to the US for your eyes' treatment with her.
Thank you.
She said the paperwork had been done.
But she has to arrange her works in next two months.
Then she will take me to the US.
That's good for you.
Phuc.
Yes?
I'd like...
I really want to see you.
Hello. My brother.
It's me.
Did you return home? Where are you now?
Are you free? I want to meet you.
Yes. So, where will we meet?
I'll come to your coffee shop.
Yes.
Now I can see the light.
But why is it still dark in front of me?
Hello
Yes, I am Phuc
My answer is...
I AGREE.